do not look at your spectators
this year's statement for yet another video
of the illegal site
today we talk about consumption of
salt is beneficial harmful natural or abnormal
good as we know first of all 17
millions of Brazilians are at least
already classified as hypertensive
although it will probably be the
number would be much higher since the
medical parameters are based on
people who consume too much salt food
cooked is before him ptix and obviously
has the pressure never above normal
so the parameters early than
of course they should be
according to the study of the American xii
proven and decades that consumption
causes salt and hypertension for more than
you do not suffer now in the near future
will is suffering is the first of all
kitchen salt the sodium stoneware as the
people know him inorganic
ie it is unusable round by
our organism
That's why every person who consumes salt
with that water retention hoe
why the sun as the minerals
the plant synthesizes it transforms
they in organic to be consumed
for animals we can not eat
directly to the ground, but to the
plants is the form of nature in
provide these minerals contained in the soil
so important to our health
ie the inorganic sun its shape
inorganic only bionic love in plants and
useable by the body
because we consume plants luck
we do not get bloated like a person
who eats salt food
Well, we know that the samurai
practiced the famous rally
with salt consumption and not only with the
that citizen not only with the
but putting more than 100 grams
of salt in a short time a small
amount of water ingested at one time
only
The next morning, I woke up dead
because of the dehydration
You see how toxic salt is if you just
need to understand that 100 grams is the
enough to kill a man
dehydration to be consumed once only
obviously we do not consume 100
grams of salt in one day so we
suffers in your 75 of the world's population
suffers from chronic disabling but not
I'm still alive though I 'm always
cause of dehydration every day
people know that salt has accumulated
artery walls cause hypertension
heart problems dehydration and bengo
and it 's only up to you to get into the sea
with a wound and realize how
painful and imagine it within your
arteries inside your body
bathing your cells
We know when we get into a
wound in the sea starts to hurt a lot
because salt is an irritant
the salt also kills the taste buds
why its users of salt
I usually complain that food does not
salt being already played saved on top
it enough because sometimes because
they end up losing the ability to
to feel the natural salty fruit
vegetables from natural food and it
stimulating the neuro- organism by adapting
consumption of salt that is much higher than
natural language literally loses its
ability to feel killing the
receptors probably we know
that Indians have never used salt in a
primitive civilization uses salt
this is actually a thing of some
a thousand years here
usually the white man of 2010
the action of civilizations because for 8
millions of years we do not use and yet
many primitive tribes have not yet
even if unnatural is to refine the
bad balance and throw on your food
Would you get it on your habitat?
Natural
there we also have the question of salt
from Himalayas at seven with sea salt
etc. who usually asks in the world
inclusive but this is not healthy
saved is salt is not healthy
becomes an oxymoron two words that
not healthy and salt not with
fear or even though it is health
Malaysians can talk about what the
How much but usually goes out is well
expensive and who is always selling
trying to convince himself that his product
it is necessary for your health that it is
healthy is beneficial so let's cool it.
Yes, but if that's the case, if you need
tempering the food is because I do not have
I do not like her, I do not like her
human beings or because it was extremely
cooked
so I hope this video I
you have to reflect while the
consumption of salt to realize that our
natural food a banana tomato
lettuce is mango watermelon does not need
salt
then go for the fruits and vegetables more
cheaper and more practical healthy you
need not assist the process
industrial that is anything that comes
packed in balconies classified
so stay tuned for the next videos
of the illegal site
if you want to know more information and
details about salt consumption because the
people do not use this kind of thing
diet ran away because we think it is
harmful
you can read us to a frugal they are more
of 300 pages with various information
various scientific data on the genius
that this health practice focuses on fruits
vegetables does not make the suggestion to
recommended the use of salt in the
food and this register on the website and blog
on youtube channel on facebook
Amy go on instagram you will stay
inside of everything I've done
everything I eat and all the news
in the health world was donated by the websites
salud portugal for another video with
lots of health portugal
to the next